feat: added customer vault token route (#90)
shopwareLabs/SwagPayPal: CHANGELOG.md

# 9.6.6

> - PPI-1044 - Added a Storefront route that returns the vault token from the customer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- PPI-1044 - Added a store api endpoint that returns the vault token from the customer
```
